Starting documentation (#5)
Tom32i/content: doc/synthax-highlighting.md

# Synthax highlighting

## Setting the language attribute

Any `code` block with a `language` attribute will be synthax highlighted.

### Markdown

In Markdown, specify the language in the opening line will:

```markdown
​```php
<?php $foo = true;
​```
```

### HTML

> In HTML, specify the language in the `hightlight` attrbiute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In HTML, specify the language in the `language` attribute:
```

```html
​<code language="php">
<?php $foo = true;
<code>
```

_Note: since Markdown also supports embeded HMTL, the above code block will also work in a markdown source file._

## Result

This will result in the following HTML block in the parsed content:

```html
<code class="language-php"><span class="token php language-php"><span class="token delimiter important">&lt;?php</span> <span class="token variable">$foo</span> <span class="token operator">=</span> <span class="token boolean constant">true</span><span class="token punctuation">;</span></span></code>
```

_Note: providing a CSS theme that color the code is entirely up to you. There is one ready-to-use theme packaged if you need it._

## Custom synthax highlighting

> The default Highlighter responsible for synthax highlighting is based on [Prism.js](https://prismjs.com/), but you can provide your own by implementing `Content\Behaviour\HighlighterInterface`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Highlighter responsible for syntax highlighting is based on [Prism.js](https://prismjs.com/), but you can provide your own by implementing `Content\Behaviour\HighlighterInterface`:
```
